# PRODUCTIVITY-PREDICTION-OF-GARMENT-EMPLOYEES.
This Research will provide the complete overview of the efficiency of  Productivity Range and comparison between the Contrast techniques such as Classification and Regression.

ABSTRACT:
      In this modern era, Garment Industry plays a significant role in the Industrial globalization. It is one of the industries which is time consuming with more manual processes. The Garment industries are highly human indulgence and Satisfying global customers depends on the product’s Quality and delivery performance of the employee in a particular Garment Industry. In case, of Productivity Failure, it results in huge losses. This course work aims to analyze and predict the Productivity range of Garment employees using Machine learning algorithms namely Classification and Regression. The attributes going to be used in this research are Day, Date, No of Workers, Quarters and Actual Productivity.  Here, the Regression is used by Predicting the Productivity Range and the Classification is used by Transforming the Productivity Range into different class. The outcomes will be compared with the actual production percentage that was delivered by the worker ranges from zero(0) to one(1). As a result, this Research will provide the complete overview of the efficiency of  Productivity Range and comparison between the Contrast techniques such as Classification and Regression.

CONCLUSION:
Even though the dataset is fairly limited, many interesting insights is gained this particular garment manufacturing operation through the Exploratory component. The relevant patterns can also be learned by the above analysis. Furthermore, the Regression and Classification models is compared and the efficient values is found. The  real-world data from a respected Bangladeshi textile manufacturing company as our dataset is used. A lot of data processing procedures, such as extracting features, scaling, and encoding, were conducted in order to find the most amazing model. These models could surely be enhanced, and more data could help. To improve results, more advanced machine learning techniques such as Random-Forest or Support-Vector-Machines could be used.
